rework description (#717)
deltachat/deltachat-android: store/key-features.txt

Key features at a glance:

> * Automatic e-mail end-to-end-encryption with Autocrypt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Automatic end-to-end-encryption based on Autocrypt
```

* Instant chatting and synchronization across devices

> * Reach anyone out of billions of people -- just use their e-mail address!

Reviewer: I'd actually move this aspect to the top.

Reviewer: Any how about this?
```suggestion
* Chat with billions of people -- using their e-mail address!
```

Author: i had this first -- but do you want to chat with billions? ;)

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
* Chat with anyone, using their e-mail address
```

> * available for Android, iOS, Mac OS, Linux with Windows in the works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Available for Android, iOS and Mac OS (Linux and Windows in the works)
```

> * Open Source developments with many contributors and a diverse community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open Source development with many contributors and a diverse community
```

> * No Spam -- only messages of known users are shown by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No Spam -- only messages of known users are displayed by default
```

> * Fully Standards based, collaborations ongoing with many other projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Based on open standards, in collaboration with many other projects
```
